## How Do I Create My Own Docker Templates?

See also https://forums.unraid.net/topic/101424-how-to-publish-docker-templates-to-community-applications-on-unraid/ for a video which covers much of this.

* On the Settings tab, docker, select Docker Authoring Mode (The docker service has to be stopped to do this)
* On The Docker tab, select Add Container
* Fill out all of the relevant information, including the advanced section.  Note that you DO NOT need to fill out  host volumes.  It is OK however to fill out the host ports.  I would however recommend against filling out any host paths.
* Click Save
* Copy and paste the ENTIRE XML that appears to an appropriately named XML file somewhere.
* Side note, the Categories which dockerMan generates are unofficial. The only official entries for that are generated by the Application Template Categorizer.  (Although at this time and for the foreseeable future the two do match)  Also, these are Categories. They are not Tags  IE: You can't just make one up by yourself.

- Add in whatever other tags you wish that are documented [here](http://lime-technology.com/forum/index.php?topic=40299.0).

> NOTE: It is recommended (by not required) to host the icon yourself on your own github repository, or a website which you are in control of.  Random icon links on the web can and do change.


## Publishing to CA

* Create a GitHub repository and upload the XML(s).  Use a separate repository for your xml files.  (Keep it separate from the docker associated files if you've built your own container).  If you have multiple templates, put them all into the same repository.   NOTE:  The XML files must be within the "master" or "main" branch of the repository
* Drop myself (squid) a PM asking for it to be published with a link to the github repo.
* I'm going to  insist you create a <Support> thread.  Just create it anywhere (as you won't be able to create in the docker Containers) and a moderator will move it.  Update the XML with the support link.  I will also insist on Categories being set.
* I do a quick check on the xml(s) and then add it to CA.  If there are no major problems, within 2 hours all users of CA will have access to it under normal circumstances.
* Time permitting after its available to all users of CA, I will update the Repositories thread

* If you like, also add a developer profile https://forums.unraid.net/topic/38619-docker-template-xml-schema/page/3/?tab=comments#comment-919111

> Note:  After you have a repository added, I do not need to know about any new xml's being added.  CA (and more to the point the  appfeed) will handle all changes to the xml's automatically every 2 hours.